# final-project

## Distinctiveness and Complexity

I believe my project satisfies the distinctiveness and complexity requirements since it handles video files, which is something that we did not work on in the previous projects. 

## What is contained in each file

In the TheyTube's project there is a single app called `tube` and a `media` directory. The `media` directory is where the videos and images used in this application are saved. In `tube/util.py` there are two functions that are used to manipulate the video files. `get_image` takes a frame from a video and returns it as a PIL image. `get_duration` measures the duration of a video and returns this value. In `tube/urls.py` is where the URL configuration for the tube app is defined. Inside `tube/models.py` is defined two Django’s models, `User` for represent users and `Video` to represent video files. `tube/templates/tube/layout.html` defines that each page should include the Bootstrap library. `tube/templates/tube/watch.html` inherits from `layout.html` file and specifies how a video should be shown to the users. `tube/templates/tube/index.html` inherits from `layout.html` also, and specifies how the main page of the site looks like, containing the navbar menu with the logo, the sidebar menu and a container where the videos are added. `tube/templates/tube/register.html` is a template that lets users register in the site. `tube/templates/tube/login.html` shows the users a form to log in the site. The `tube/static/tube/video.js` file is where the Javascript code for `index.html` is defined; here there are functions to do search, upload videos and add them to the DOM. The `tube/static/tube/video2.js` file is where the Javascript code for `watch.html` is defined; here there are the functions for implementing the like/unlike feature, add and show comments in the DOM. `tube/static/tube/styles.css` contain some CSS style for the upload video’s form and for showing the video in `watch.html`.